(silence)
- Hello everyone out there on the live stream.
Thank you for joining us here on YouTube
for this conversation.
It's gonna be super, super fun with Eugene.
Hi, Eugene.
- Hey, Michael.
Good to be here.
- Yeah, it's great to have you here.
You ready to kick off this podcast?
- Let's go.
- All right.
Eugene, welcome to Talk Python to Me.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, it's great to have you here.
I love getting down into the details of programming
and writing code and working with APIs
and building amazing things.
But it's also really interesting to sort of step back
and take a big picture view of the world of the software.
And you wrote a really interesting article
about applying some of the lessons you might learn
from code back to your life.
And I really enjoyed the idea of it.
So I'm looking forward to talking to you
about it on this show.
- Thank you.
Happy to chat more about it as well.
- Yeah, yeah.
It's gonna be super fun.
Now, before we get into the details of all that,
you know, let's start with your story.
How'd you get into programming and Python?
- Well, I had my degrees in psychology.
So since then, I've been really interested
in understanding, you know, how people behave,
why they think the way they think,
and how information changes their perceptions and behavior.
So, you know, to do this, I used to run experiments
and analyze the data in SPSS and Excel.
But eventually in work,
the data just got bigger and bigger.
So I moved on to R and now I'm using Python.
So that's how it happened.
I mainly use Python because I have problems to solve
that require me to process data with Python.
- Yeah, really cool.
You know, one of my very first programming jobs
was at this incredibly cool place
where it started as a research lab
and then it's put out of the university to a startup.
And the whole premise of what they did
was to use eye tracking, not some phone thing,
but like where you're looking to understand
how people solve problems and how they think and so on.
And it was mostly a bunch of PhD cognitive science folks
and they would work in MATLAB and Excel and all that stuff.
And I would help write software that would take that stuff
and turn it into products and turn it into automation
and whatnot.
It's a really interesting world.
And there's a lot more opportunities for code
and solving problems with code,
especially on the data analysis side in psychology
than you might first think, right?
You think, oh, psychology,
that's talking to people on the couch, like sometimes,
but not always, not a lot of the time.
- You're right.
A lot of it is running experiments
and like I'm sure they collect the data,
but I try to get any of the process data
and that happens in real life as well.
We run experiments, maybe testing,
and we have to analyze the data.
- Yeah, that was it.
We would run tons of experiments.
We would have maybe a week where 50 people came in
and we'd have like one-way mirrors
and all sorts of recording equipment and like analyze.
They'd even put ads, I think in Craigslist,
all sorts of places, like,
"Hey, we need somebody to come like surf
"on these websites for half an hour.
"We'll pay you 50 bucks.
"Can you come do that during lunch?"
Be like, "Yeah, I'll do that."
- That's really cool.
- Yeah, it was really fun,
but it was really neat to do the programming
and stuff there.
So yeah, I mean, tell me a little bit more
about that transition,
because it must have been a little bit challenging, right?
There's not a lot in your like traditional education
of psychology that teaches you programming,
maybe a little bit, but not a ton, right?
- No, actually, in my traditional education,
for psychology, we use SPSS and R.
SPSS is this IBM product, proprietary.
So nothing about it.
I did know a bit about the statistics
and how to work with data, but that's about it.
So I think back then,
when I first started getting my first job,
I had to learn a lot of Python and SQL on my own.
And that was the time when Coursera was available.
And Coursera is a lifesaver.
If you ask me, I learned all my Python
and data science stuff from Coursera.
So it was, after work, spending one or two hours
doing the courses and doing the lessons,
the hands-on exercises were amazing.
And today, nowadays, you have so much
available Python resources to help you quickly pick up,
get something working, iterate on something, fix the bugs,
and have something that you can play with.
And it just makes it so fun to learn Python now.
- Yeah.
There's so much to know in programming these days,
but at the same time,
there's so many resources out there to help you.
It's really a huge benefit.
I remember when MOOCs,
the MOOCs came on, as they called them,
like these courses with many, many, many people in them.
And it was such a revolution at the time.
And now it's just one of the million options.
- Yep, I agree.
I think MOOCs are really the great equalizer.
I mean, education is the great equalizer.
And MOOCs, by making it freely available
across the internet with great educators,
can just teach anyone and not confine to a classroom.
I think that was amazing.
And that was what helped me transition
from SPSS and R to Python and Spark and machine learning.
It opened that door for me.
- Yeah, yeah.
Instead of studying neurons,
you're studying neural networks now.
- Yeah.
- Nice.
So how about now?
What do you do day to day?
You just made a big life change.
I was reading that you recently moved
from Singapore to Seattle.
That's a big change, even though,
not a whole lot in between those two things,
if you draw a line, just a lot of water.
But yeah, a big change in terms of jobs and whatnot.
Tell us about that.
- So I think towards the end of 2019,
I think, or maybe in the middle of 2019,
my wife and I were thinking of stepping out
of our comfort zone.
I don't know how many of your listeners
have been to Singapore, but it's a beautiful place.
It's a very comfortable, tiny island, amazing weather.
But we thought, we like to travel.
So we thought, hey, let's try to live somewhere for a bit.
So we looked at a couple of places,
a couple of tech hubs,
Seattle, San Francisco, Berlin, Shanghai.
And it so happens that I got an offer from Amazon.
So that's where I am now.
I'm an applied scientist in Amazon.
And so what I do, I'm part of the Kindle team.
So what I do in my day-to-day job
is I try to help people read more.
And we try to do this by helping them find books
that they need to find.
So what I do is I work on recommendation engines
to try to help people, as you're finding a book,
or based on what you have read,
to the extent that you have read it,
we know this because we have Kindle data.
We know how much of a book we have completed.
We can recommend you new books
that you might be interested in.
Or based on what you browse on the website,
we can update our recommendations in real time
and recommend you new books as well.
So that's what I do in my day-to-day job.
- Yeah, well, that sounds really fun.
I actually really appreciate that from Amazon,
specifically around the Kindle, to be honest.
A lot of stores are like, "Oh, you might also like that."
I'm like, "No, I don't also like that.
"I really don't care."
There's just so many things
where I'm shopping online or whatever,
and it just doesn't make sense.
But specifically for Kindle, I'll be reading a book
and it'll say, "You should also check out these other ones."
A lot of times, my next book is out of that list.
I really love it.
So you can't go browse a bookstore these days.
I mean, we have a fantastic bookstore called Pals.
It's one of the largest bookstores around here in Portland,
but you can't even go to it anymore.
So yeah, that's pretty cool.
So thanks for that good list there, you and your folks.
- I'm happy to hear that.
Yeah, this is a great place where what I'm doing
is very aligned with what I do,
which is trying to help people,
very aligned with my values,
which is trying to help people learn more
by reading more books.
So that's great.
- Yeah, absolutely.
And you talk a lot about writing.
And well, I guess not just talk,
you also put your time and energy where your words are.
You do a lot of writing.
And the reason that I wanted to talk to you about,
I have you on the show, like I said,
is one of these articles that you wrote,
but there's a whole bunch of them that you have.
So there's a couple of people who are really successful
in the tech field that I can think of
who really make writing an important part
of what they're doing.
Like I had Jesse Giroud-Davis on the podcast
at the time he's from MongoDB, I think he still is.
Anyway, he talks about like all these design patterns
of technical writing, right?
Like here's the how-to, here's the first,
and like all these really interesting things.
And I kind of get that vibe from you as well,
that like you've got these really strong ideas
about writing and how it reinforces
your programming side of the world.
What's your thoughts on that?
- Well, I like it.
I guess maybe just to share a bit of backstory
about why I started writing so much.
I think a couple of years ago,
I was interviewing a couple of mentors,
informal mentors, right?
They didn't know I was getting them to be a mentor,
but I would just reach out to people
who are two to three steps ahead of me,
heads of data science, CTOs, lead data scientists.
I would ask them the same question,
what makes an effective data scientist?
And I would say, is it understanding
the business domain deeply,
or is it PhD research level skills,
ninja hacking skills, Python or C++ or Java?
And a lot of them said,
actually, all that is really important,
but there's one thing that you're missing out.
And this one thing is transferable
across all your entire career.
And that one thing they said is communication.
At that point in time, I didn't believe it.
I was immature.
I didn't think it was, I didn't think it makes sense,
but I thought, so many of these people tried it.
I owe it to them to, so many of these people mentioned,
I owe it to them to try it and update my progress.
So for one year, I said,
I'm just gonna volunteer for whatever writing opportunity,
whatever speaking opportunity the company has.
So I started writing about my side projects.
I started writing an internal company newsletter
to share about what our team,
our data science team was doing.
And I started speaking at conferences and meetups.
And so that's why I started writing.
And since then, I found that writing
actually helps me learn a lot
because I would write about something and I realized,
hey, I don't know anything
about this thing I'm writing about.
So I'm forced to do that. - Exactly.
- Yeah, you're right.
- You think you know,
you've learned enough to sort of have some thoughts
or in the programming space,
you can maybe get something to work, right?
But if you've got to explain it,
all of a sudden it's not enough to know,
well, there's two ways and I can just use that way.
You've got to know, well, here's the two ways.
What are the trade-offs?
When should I use which?
Like you got to dive into these sorts of details
when you're either writing or speaking
or presenting about it.
And it just forces you another level down
in your understanding and depth, right?
- Exactly, writing is really difficult.
And truth be told, I think a lot of people say,
you know, you must really love writing.
No, actually, I don't really love writing,
which is a bit weird.
I love learning and I love sharing
about what I've learned online.
And writing is my vehicle to let me do that.
- Yeah.
- So that's why I started writing.
So why do I talk a lot about writing at work
or writing in general?
There's this question that I ask myself a lot.
I used to ask myself this question
and now a lot of people ask me this question.
Hey, you know, as a data scientist,
is your job to write code
or is your job to write documents?
And I used to think my job was to write code,
to build systems, to help customers.
But then as I'm doing this more,
I find that, hey, you know, a lot of times
before writing code, I need to spend a lot of time
thinking, researching and designing.
And the medium of that work is writing documents.
That's why I encourage a lot of people, you know,
by, so it's just like what you said,
hey, you know, do I serve my recommendations
via Redis cache or via Lambda or API gateway or whatever?
And I'm thinking through all these designs
and I need to make trade-offs.
And writing in a document, the pros and cons
and the rationale for the decision forces me to do that.
So that when we start implementing things,
we don't do things the wrong way,
which is really expensive, right?
Implementation is expensive.
So that's why, and I find that
it has really helped me a lot.
I don't feel that enough people talk about it
and I want to encourage people to write a lot as well.
- Well, yeah, I agree.
And it seems to me like one of the fundamental jobs
of a data scientist, at least one branch of data science
is to take the raw information, think about it
and then communicate what it means, right?
And that seems to go really hand in hand
with what you're saying.
- Exactly, I think, so there was once,
so, you know, so I was doing this one year of writing
and speaking practice, right, at work.
And then in the past, I had people come up to me
and say that, "You know, Eugene,
every time I have a meeting with the data scientists
on your team for half an hour,
and then I walk away not knowing anything.
I don't know what they spoke about."
And that's because I think by and large,
most people, you know, we tend to use jargon
like AUC, ROC, distributed, all that.
And we assume that business people know it.
But I made this mistake as well.
And then one day I had a great boss who brought me aside,
you know, "Eugene, the way you're communicating,
no one understands you."
And I asked, "What do you mean?"
And he gave me very good feedback.
He was a great boss and I started changing
how I communicated things.
And that made me a lot more effective at work.
So that's how I get started on that.
- Oh, fantastic.
Well, I really like what you've done
with the writing and stuff.
And so, you know, maybe let's spend some time
diving into the one that I think is probably
the centerpiece of what we'll talk about.
We'll touch on a few other ones
because you do a really good job in your writing
of not just putting down your thoughts,
but bringing other people's ideas and influences in there.
So you have a lot of quotes,
you have a lot of references to other things and so on.
So yeah, I really like the way, the style.
So let's talk about, you know, your article,
"What Machine Learning Can Teach Us About Life,
Seven Lessons."
What was the, why did you write this?
- Well, you know, because when I was writing
some of my previous articles, I like to,
okay, this is an odd thing.
I know that my audience are machine learning practitioners.
And, you know, sometimes I write about things
that sometimes I want to write about things
that I know will not interest them.
So this is one of those.
I like to write about life lessons, right?
And I know it will not interest them,
but I think it's really important.
I want to write about that anyway.
So, you know, in order to sneak it in,
in this case, machine learning
is really just a Trojan horse.
Machine learning is a Trojan horse
where I sneak in this life lessons
that I found really helpful for me.
And I just, you know, upon some reflection,
I just want to write about it.
And that's it.
That's how this article came about.
- Okay. Yeah.
Interesting.
I love these Trojan horse ideas.
Like, ah, I'm going to teach you.
I'll do something fun.
I'll actually have a lesson, right?
- Yeah. And now the secret's out.
Yeah. I haven't actually shared anyone.
- Now they're going to know.
That's right.
So let's, let's go through the seven lessons.
The first one here is data cleaning.
Assess what you consume.
And I'm a big fan of this idea
as a life lesson as well.
So what's the story?
Wait, before you get into that,
like every one of these lessons,
you start by saying, okay,
here's the machine learning meaning.
And then here's the sort of follow on lesson, right?
So what's the machine learning lesson of data cleaning?
- I think the machine learning lesson of data cleaning is,
most machine learning practitioners would know
when you use noisy data,
your machine learning model is going to be noisy
and it's just not going to work.
I think there's this cliche,
garbage in, garbage out.
In machine learning world,
that is absolutely true.
And cleaning the data itself
is actually most of the work
in terms of training your model,
cleaning your data, refining it,
making the model be able to learn from it.
So that's really important in the machine learning world.
- Yeah, absolutely.
So yeah, you have a really interesting quote in here
and you also have some really fun pictures,
which we can talk about.
Where is it in here?
It was, yeah, as Randy Al shares,
data cleaning isn't the grunt work,
it is the work, right?
- Yeah.
I think so many of these things
in a lot of these machine learning
and scientific programming sides,
you have these amazing libraries, right?
Like you can pip install in TensorFlow or whatever,
and then you just feed the data.
You got your data frame, you feed it over, boom,
and like magic happens.
But it's, right, you've got to get that data,
you've got to format the data,
you've got to convert the data.
You got to understand that it's all correct, right?
There's cool libraries like expectations
that are like sort of unit tests for your data
to make sure you don't feed in bad data and all that.
But yeah, I mean, I agree with that statement a lot.
That's pretty neat.
- Thank you, and I link to Randy Al's post,
which is a very good post.
I think he wrote that,
of course I might be putting words into his mouth,
but I think he wrote that
because a lot of people think that data preparation
is not sexy data cleaning, it's just grunt work.
And he's trying to get people, to remind people,
no, actually it is the work.
It is what actually makes a big difference
in your analysis outcomes, in your machine learning outcomes.
And I fully agree.
- Yeah, absolutely.
All right, so life lesson from this one?
What's the parallel life lesson you were trying to draw?
- Well, the main life lesson that I was trying to draw
is actually the one below that image.
- So you have a really fantastic image
and you talk a little bit about food first
before you get into what I think is more important,
although food is not unimportant.
But we've all seen these horrible pictures
of like the fifties and sixties
of doctors recommending cigarettes.
Like my doctor recommends Camel, not Marlboro.
You're like, oh my God, what is this?
But there's like this really similar one for sugar.
I have like all these, like, you know,
here's like, how do you, you don't get overweight.
You eat your sugar so you don't eat fatty food.
Oh my gosh.
Anyway, so yeah, that's one is food,
which is really interesting,
but then more importantly is news, right?
- So if you could just go up to the image,
just so in this image, right,
we see that food is important and, you know,
bad food actually makes you bad, makes you unhealthy.
But in this image,
this image is both bad food and bad information.
There's so much bad information out there on Twitter,
on Facebook or social media.
And you really have to be careful
about what you consume, right?
Misinformation, I mean, it's really easy to consume,
you know, this small 200 character tweets
or, you know, small empty calorie.
I like to call them empty calories on social media.
You know, there's--
- Empty calorie info bites, you call them, that's great.
- Yeah, there's, you know,
some influencers who post really short things
and, you know, they just go viral.
And, but if you consume a lot,
it actually, you think about,
hey, did that actually change my life?
No, it's actually kind of empty calories.
And a lot of good writers,
David Perrell writes about this,
it's like, you want your content to be very niche,
very deep, very high in nutrition.
So I think that's the same thing
when you consume light content,
you don't actually gain a lot.
It can be actually downright toxic.
A lot of times it's like content is just one statement,
you know, trying to sway information, sway the public.
So I think for your own sake,
curate what you consume.
- I agree, I mean, it's so important
and it has so many knock-on effects, right?
And it also has some interesting machine learning tie-ins,
I would say here, some recommendation engine tie-ins.
I think maybe it's,
I'm not a hundred percent sure about the attribution,
but I think Tony Robbins said,
"You've got to be the guardian of your own mind," right?
You've got to consciously decide what you let in,
what thoughts you let influence you
and what ones you just, you know,
eject and say, this doesn't matter.
- Definitely.
- What you think can really affect you.
But I was thinking even more,
like if I go onto YouTube and I start to consume some,
a little kind of crummy, but whatever,
the very next thing is, you know,
you're never intense enough for YouTube.
If you watch three videos on one topic,
like it's like you need a hundred more of these videos.
Right? - Yeah.
- It's just like, so with a lot of social media,
I don't use Facebook enough, but I can imagine it's similar.
Like as you start to trend even a little bit in one way
or the other, it just throws you a huge rope
and tries to pull you hard, you know,
for the sake of engagement down that path.
And so small curves these days seem to matter a lot more.
Like if you used to like grab, I don't know,
some crummy newspaper, like a rumor newspaper
at the grocery store and read it,
then you went back and you read the New York Times
when you got home.
The New York Times wouldn't just stop showing you
the important news, it would,
and show you all sorts of junk because you read the,
but nowadays that's what happens.
It's crazy.
- It is.
And I think a lot of it is because of just how
machine learning works.
If you click on something and you read something,
it thinks that you like that thing
and it recommends you more of that thing.
- Yeah.
- Which sometimes it's just a, you misclick or something
and sometimes it's a mistake.
And that's why machine learning and social media
can sort of polarize people,
which is not what we want to do.
So it really takes, you need to be conscious
about how you're affected by it.
- Right.
Obviously your article is not about this,
but we're going to have to reckon with this as a society.
- Definitely.
- Period, in a big way.
But let's go on to lesson number two,
low versus high signal data
and seeking to disconfirm and update.
Tell us about this one.
- So maybe I'll start with the machine learning aspect.
I think, so what I'm trying,
what this here is a support vector machine.
So you're trying to separate the blue dots
from the red dots.
And on the left most image.
- Yeah, let me, yeah, go ahead and just describe it real quick
'cause most people are just listening.
- Yeah, I mean, on the left most image,
I mean, it's very easy to separate, right?
So you can see the margin is very wide.
The margin is the dash line,
the distance from the dash line to the solid line.
But then on the middle image,
all of a sudden we introduce a new red dot
and the margin becomes very narrow.
So, you know, your certainty is a lot less
and you start to think, hey, you know,
maybe I'm less certain.
And then on the right,
and then you start to collect more information,
more data points around there.
And then all of a sudden your margin
becomes a curve margin.
So what you thought was true
and you were very certain about it
on the left side of the image,
now suddenly changes.
- Yeah, you get a little bit more information
and you're like, oh, this is not the dividing line
or the distinction at all.
It's totally more nuanced or whatever, yeah?
- Exactly, so I know I shouldn't be referring
to the image because this is a podcast,
but I think the image is really powerful
in terms of how in machine learning
you change your decision boundaries.
And in real life, this is the same.
So I think Jeff Bezos has a very powerful quote
that says, I think something like this,
that says that, I actually didn't put it here,
but I'm just reminded of it that says that,
hey, you know, when data disagrees with anecdotes,
he tends to prefer the anecdotes
because a lot of times it sort of means
that maybe you're measuring things wrongly.
So data is very easy to collect.
We have a lot of data, but whereas anecdotes
is one or two of those feedback points
that disagrees and we sort of need to jump
into an anecdote, collect more data around it.
So I think this is the same thing.
And when you're asking for feedback,
often people give you good feedback,
you know, you're doing great,
continue what you're doing, you're doing fantastic.
And when people give you bad feedback, dig into it.
That is a gift for you to improve, dig into it.
Ask them, hey, you know, I love what you just said.
Can you give me more detail?
And so it's giving you more detail,
more information on how you should be thinking,
how you should be designing,
how your code should change in your code reviews.
And it helps you grow.
- Yeah.
I think, especially in the US,
people are very uncomfortable with negative feedback,
both giving and receiving it.
But yeah, if it's given in the right way,
it can be very valuable.
I mean, maybe listening to like what people put
on your YouTube video,
that might not be all that constructive.
There's a lot of weird, just people with issues at scale.
But yeah, I totally agree.
And you know, some more closed space, right?
Like a code review or something, right?
That's definitely an opportunity to learn something,
even if the person is wrong,
it's still an opportunity to learn their perspective
and learn from it, right?
So one of the quotes you have in the section
is by Karl Popper,
"True ignorance is not the absence of knowledge,
"but the refusal to acquire it."
And I think that also goes hand in hand
with the polarization and stuff you talked about before.
- Yeah, I agree.
I think that I adopt the growth mindset.
I think that people can change, can grow.
And that's what's necessary, right?
In our industry, right?
Things change so fast.
So we have to keep,
try to keep up with the times in terms of the technology.
I think fundamentally we should focus on the problems,
but don't neglect how technology is changing as well.
- For sure.
All right, number three, explore, exploit.
Balance for the greater long-term reward.
So it has to do with reinforcement learning, right?
- Yeah, so in reinforcement learning,
well, we can imagine that at a start,
you don't know anything about the state of the world, right?
Let's say you have two, this is an example for me.
Let's say you have a restaurant that you love.
And let's say you first land in Seattle.
When I first landed in Seattle, I didn't know where to eat.
I didn't know what was good.
And I would explore many different restaurants,
many different takeouts.
And after exploring, after maybe I explored 10 of them,
I found that, hey, this place is great.
It's cheap, it's nearby, the food is solid.
And I would just exploit it all the time.
- Exactly, like in my neighborhood,
there's maybe two or three Thai food restaurants
that I always go to.
And if somebody says, "Hey, let's get some Thai food."
I'm not gonna go, "Well, there's another one
we haven't tried yet.
Let's go to..."
It's just like, "Nope, that one's good.
We'll go in here."
You know what I mean?
- I am exactly like that.
I'm such a lazy thinker.
And I just like, "This is really good.
It fits my appetite.
It fits my taste and it's cheap.
Why do we have to try something new?"
But thankfully, my wife is an explorer.
So while I'm exploiting, she encourages me,
"Let's explore these new things."
And sometimes I find treasure gems
that I would never have tried,
but because she's encouraging me to explore, I found it.
So that's the balance.
So at the start of your career,
or at the start when you are trying to solve a new problem,
explore, take some time to explore as much as you can.
But then once you find it, exploit.
But as you're exploiting,
don't forget to also be exploring a bit.
- Yeah.
Yeah, so you tie this back to careers a lot,
about basically, as you sort of touched on,
continuous learning and don't get too comfortable.
And just go with,
don't just fall all the way into the exploiting side.
Like, "I went to college.
I got my engineering degree.
Why do I need to learn Jupyter?
I'm just gonna keep using MATLAB or Excel,
and we're just gonna keep working on this building
or bridge or whatever."
Like, I think it's easy to do that.
I spent the time and the money and worked hard
and got good grades and a four-year degree.
Like, why do I need, I'm done with tests and learning.
I can just stop, right?
- Exactly.
I was just gonna say the exact same,
a very similar example.
I study SPSS and R in college.
Why do I need to learn Python?
Well, Python has a lot of benefits.
It's a lot faster, truth be told.
And then now that I learned Python, I know SQL.
Why do I need to learn Spark?
But if you explore a bit,
it can really help you make your work a lot more effective.
Maybe I know decision trees and linear regressions.
Do I really need neural networks?
But it's always taking some time to explore
what might be new.
Sometimes some of this exploration doesn't work out,
and that's fine.
At least if you think of it from a learning perspective,
you're learning a lot.
But you take the time to sample around every now and then.
- Yeah, absolutely.
You have a couple of great quotes in here
from two people I find both of them very interesting.
Naval, just a Silicon Valley guy
that just goes by Naval, N-A-V-A-L.
And he has a really interesting tweet storm
that turned into a podcast series
and some interesting thinking.
Are you familiar with this?
- Yes, I love that.
Yeah.
- Yeah, I do too, actually.
It made reading your articles and stuff remind me of that.
But he says, "Your goal in life is to find out
the people who need you the most,
to find out the businesses that need you the most,
to find the projects and the art that need you the most."
There's something out there for you.
And then Matthew McConaughey talks about
when he was in law school
and decided to go into film school,
which is obviously a big career switch as somebody.
And he's like, "No, no, I have to do this," right?
And he was afraid of what his dad would say.
And instead of saying, "You've thrown away your career,"
or whatever, he just said, "Don't half-ass it.
If you're gonna do this, you better go do it," right?
So that's sort of the,
Naval's is the explore,
and McConaughey's, maybe it's the exploit.
Like once you're in it, go in it full.
- Exactly.
So I think that being said,
I mean, a lot of us,
maybe we are a couple of years in our careers,
but I think what Naval tries to remind us,
you might not be very happy what you're doing right now,
or you might love what you're doing right now,
but there's always something that suits you specifically.
So some people might love research
and they might not fit into a startup environment.
Or some people, for example, maybe a big innovation lab,
they need some of their data scientists
to really focus on research.
And they might not fit in there
if the data scientist is more about iterating fast
and shipping fast to customers.
So there's always something better for you.
So keep exploring.
And once you found it,
exploit it like Matthew McConaughey.
He did a half-ass it, he went all in,
and he's doing fantastic.
- It worked out okay for him, yeah?
- Yeah. (laughs)
- Nice, all right.
Transfer learning, books and papers are cheat codes.
- Yeah, so in machine learning,
I think a couple of years ago,
there was this thing called transfer learning,
which it didn't make quite a storm,
but I thought it was really breakthrough.
So what it means is that there's this competition
called ImageNet, where you try to classify images
into thousands of categories, I think 1,000 categories.
And those big companies like Google, Microsoft,
they would train huge models to classify this.
And this would be deep neural networks.
And what people found is that you can take
what they have trained, this huge model
with all the weights and parameters,
and you can just chop off the last layer,
and put your own model,
maybe you're trying to classify cat versus dog,
you can use that model and then classify cat versus dog
and put in your own data and just update the model,
and it would work fantastically well.
And orders of magnitude better than
if you had to train from scratch.
I think that's a cheat code.
When I first heard about it, I used that cheat code.
Okay, since I've heard about it,
I've only used transfer learning for work as much as I can.
- Yeah, so the idea is you,
instead of starting with a completely blank set of weights
in your model, and just feeding data and going,
no, that's right, that's not right,
that's a dog, that's not a cat.
No, that's, yes, that one is a cat, good job.
You can use kind of a vague one
to automate some of that driving.
Is that kind of the idea?
Like you give it a little bit of knowledge,
but not too much, and then you keep still teaching it.
- Is that this model is able to distinguish
a thousand different cats and dogs,
and hamburgers, and cars,
and you're just taking all that knowledge that's in there,
and you're just fine-tuning it
for your specific use case of cat versus dog.
And it really cuts out so much effort.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Very, very cool.
So in this one, the life lesson here is,
I think, we were touching on this before,
that people feel like a lot of times
they've gotten, they've got their degree,
they've studied, they've worked hard.
Like they just wanna have fun and live their life
and not just keep going.
But like the way to think of education,
formalized education, let's say,
even I would say college,
is this generalized pre-training, right?
You're not ready to really go do the thing.
You haven't really learned the thing,
but you're much closer than somebody who hasn't, right?
Something like that?
School, generalized pre-training.
- Yes, I fully agree.
I think a lot of people think that,
at least what I've seen,
some people see that after they graduated,
I'm done, I'm done learning.
But I don't know about you,
but after I graduated,
after I got into working world,
I realized, hey, I didn't learn any of this stuff
in the working world.
I had to learn a lot more.
Almost none.
I think the only thing that I learned at school
that helped was Excel and R and SPSS,
the technical skills.
So school sort of trains you,
teamwork, how to work in a project team,
communication, how to learn fast,
because every semester you're taking four subjects.
It teaches you the general stuff.
And then once you get to work,
there's a lot of online,
there's a lot of on-the-job training
that you have to do yourself.
So the point that I was trying to make here
is that school is really just the start of it,
is generalized pre-training.
You could stop there,
but if you fine tune,
if you take the effort to fine tune your model from school
onto yours very specific tasks,
you will be orders of magnitude more effective.
That's the message I'm trying to give.
And I also want to tell people,
and this is the next paragraph,
is that we have transfer learning models, right?
And in real life,
that's the same thing for transfer learning models,
which is books and academic papers.
I want to try to get people to read more books.
I've gained a lot from books.
I've gained a lot from academic papers.
And you can imagine, I don't know,
maybe you read a book by, I don't know,
Sapiens by Noah Harari,
or Deep Work by Cal Newport,
who I'm a big fan of.
They have thought about this,
or on the Navelle's track, right?
They have thought about this for so long,
five years, decades,
and they've compressed it in a book
that you can read in eight to 10 hours.
Read it, and you'll be that much smarter.
And you'll see life in a different way,
and you'll gain a lot.
- Yeah, that's super interesting.
I do agree with it,
that you don't necessarily have to agree
with everything they say.
It doesn't have to match your situation,
but it does give you a whole lot more experience
without going through the hardship
of getting that experience.
- Exactly, and I think it's magic.
That's what separates human beings from animals, right?
Where we can transfer knowledge,
we can perform telepathy.
I can transfer knowledge to you,
to anyone on the internet by writing.
And people do that through books in the past.
- Yeah, very interesting. - So that's magic.
- So you say books are the weights and biases
of the great thinkers who've come before us.
That's pretty awesome.
So on this, I wanted to ask you about
what you thought about, I don't know,
quote, new media, right?
Like I'm thinking in particular YouTube,
but other places, right?
Like these books are very,
like the tradition of meaningful books are very important
and long and everybody knows about them, right?
But you talked about the MOOCs before.
I mean, YouTube,
I was talking about the negative aspects of it before,
but there, it's amazing what you can learn
if you go over to places like YouTube
with the desire to seek out this kind of information.
Like there's so much good stuff there
mixed in with like cat videos, right?
- Yeah. - What do you think?
- I think that, hmm,
I am ambivalent to it.
I think I have a preferred way of learning,
which is to read books.
Nonetheless, I know that video is awesome
in the sense that I can write some code,
I can iterate and you can see me doing it.
It's almost impossible to convey that in a book,
or maybe some code examples.
So that's really amazing.
I think both new media has strengths
and it also has,
and the difference between new media and traditional media
is that new media is just a lot more powerful.
A lot more powerful, it can be powerful for good
and also powerful for not so good.
A lot more powerful in the sense that,
you know, MOOCs are amazing, right?
A professor can teleport into your house and teach you.
That's powerful,
but powerful for not so good
in the sense that we have things like,
that reduce your attention span,
like those videos or short snippets of articles.
It's also very powerful.
It's just whether it's for good or not so good.
So that's something to think about
when you're using new media to learn.
- It is, yeah.
It's definitely more risky
in that you can get distracted and pulled away
'cause all those places are about that for sure.
But, you know, like I was recently watching a video
of an opera singer and like vocal coach
analyzing like this heavy metal singer
and like dissecting the song
from a perspective of like an opera singer.
And I'm like, I appreciate both of those art forms way more
having seen like that experience.
And I would never have that experience.
- Exactly.
- And I would never go down to the bookstore
and pick up a book on like, you know,
singing theory and stuff.
I just wouldn't, right?
I would find something else that I'd spend my time on.
But anyway, like those are the kinds of things
I'm thinking that you just, you wouldn't expect,
but you can find interesting things there, right?
- Definitely, definitely.
- Yeah, I wanna go back really to this one
really super quick 'cause I skipped over it right at the end.
But you talk about this exploring
versus exploit, exploration versus exploitation thing
and saying, look, you don't always have to worry
so much about this stuff
'cause sometimes many things are what you call two-way doors.
And there's this interview over here of Jeff Bezos.
And he has this distinction of some decisions
being two-way doors and some of them being one-way doors.
And you shouldn't put about the same concern, worry, energy
and whatnot into both types of decisions.
They're not equal, so don't treat them equal.
Can you speak to that real quick?
I thought that was super interesting.
- Yeah, I think that I'm just gonna use Jeff's example.
For example, maybe you're doing a side hustle
and someone wants to acquire it
or someone wants to complete purchase it from you.
That's a one-way door that after you sold it,
there's no way to reverse it, right?
So however, you know that maybe you start a side hustle
and then maybe you're thinking,
"Hey, should I be targeting Python programmers
or R programmers or, I don't know, Scala programmers?"
That's a two-way door.
You can easily pivot.
So I think what Jeff is saying is that the one-way door,
they're very difficult to reverse, but it's a lot less.
It happens a lot less.
And a lot of us, a lot of people
treat two-way door decisions as one-way door decisions.
And I think he's saying that,
"Hey, you know, it's good to distinguish between both
and devote the amount of energy and due diligence
and analysis into each of this."
And that makes it help you make
more effective decisions more efficiently.
- Yeah, I totally agree.
I thought this was, like I said,
I thought this was insightful.
And I feel like in programming and in code,
a lot of people get stuck
in the so-called analysis paralysis.
They're just stuck trying to decide.
Like every decision is like, it's overwhelming
and it's hard to decide what to do
'cause you feel like you might make the wrong decision.
You don't have enough experience.
Like so much of those things,
you can just, "Oh, we'll just refactor this later."
Or we can just throw away this later.
Like, "Oh, I'm gonna use a relational database.
Oh, we should've used a NoSQL database."
So we'll just throw it away and switch it over.
It's like probably not that big of a deal versus-
- Exactly.
- We're gonna let all the Python guys go
and hire a bunch of Java guys and rewrite the whole thing.
Like if you're a year into that decision,
you're fairly committed, right?
Like, so there's really, I think understanding like,
"Oh, that's a two-way door decision,"
allows you to just like try it and experiment.
- Fully agree.
And that's what, that's hopefully by understanding
the difference between one-way door and two-way doors,
it makes it easier to explore.
- Right.
Yeah, I agree.
I agree, I think that's worth calling out.
All right, iterations.
Find reps you can tolerate and iterate fast.
So I think machine learning,
a lot of machine learning involves iteration.
Clearly neural networks are iterations.
Every time you pass the data through multiple epochs
and the data learns,
with each iteration, with each epoch,
the machine learning model error reduces.
Your machine learning gets,
model provides better predictions
and gets more accurate with your metrics.
That is the same with life.
I think a lot of people expect,
this is what I used to expect.
I expected that I would read something once
and I would fully understand it.
All of the knowledge is in my brain.
And then, I realized that that is never true.
So, and actually,
that actually lowers my expectation of myself.
Sometimes I read a paper and I'll try to discuss it
and I realize I don't actually know the details.
That lowers expectation of myself.
I tell myself, "Eugene, by reading it once,
you're never going to get it.
Don't fully expect yourself to that.
It's too high a bar.
So maybe read it a few times.
Be kinder to yourself."
So that's the same thing.
When I read papers, I go through it multiple times.
When I do A/B tests,
I fail two times,
so I might succeed.
So I fail like 50 to 75% of the time.
And you just got to learn to be kinder with yourself,
when you iterate, right?
I think I've posted some examples here.
The Angry Birds developers failed 51 times.
Sir James Dyson failed 5,000 times in 15 years
before a vacuum cleaner worked, right?
And imagine if he did, we would never have that.
But again, a lot of great examples here
about people who just iterated and just stuck to it.
- I think also sort of ties into the previous one, right?
The two-way doors.
It's okay if it doesn't work
on a lot of these types of things.
Just keep going, just try again, right?
Eventually you'll find one that fits, yeah?
- Yeah, there's plenty of doors.
- Yeah, speaking of fitting, overfitting.
Focus on intuition and keep learning.
- So I think overfitting is,
well, I guess it's overfitting
is when your machine learning model
memorizes the training set too much
and can't predict well on the prediction set.
- Right, it's almost perfect on the training set.
Like it knows that it's cold,
but it's so specific that any slight variation,
even though it should be a dog,
it doesn't know it's a dog.
- Exactly, and an example of this is
when your machine learning model learns on customer IDs
and when new customer IDs come in, it's just crap.
So I think the clearest,
the person who really pushes for this is Richard Feynman.
He says that, and the way he teaches math and physics
is the same.
He goes directly into intuition,
forget about formulas or forget about memorizing stuff.
If you understand the intuition,
you will understand it better
and you can generalize across many, many things.
I think in life, it also makes the same sense.
Don't try to memorize things
or don't try to memorize knowledge, right?
I think if you have the intuition of the fundamentals,
you'll find that it transfers across
many, many, many, many, many different domains.
For example, I think Elon Musk
talks about knowledge as a tree.
So the fundamentals of the tree are the trunk.
That trunk is the fundamentals
that supports all the branches.
You wanna make sure that the intuition is like the trunk.
You wanna make sure that your trunk is solid
and then you can build on new branches
or cut off new branches
and grow new branches as necessary.
So I think the way to grow this intuition,
at least for me, I find that being a beginner
is the best way to do this.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Okay, very interesting.
Last one has to do with ensembles and ensembling,
diversity of strength.
What is ensembling?
- I guess ensembling is that I could train a model,
maybe a linear regression
and another model, maybe a decision tree
and another model, maybe a k-nearest neighbors
and they would all have their different errors.
They would all have the different biases and strengths.
But the unusual thing in machine learning
is that you can just take all your predictions
and average them and they would do better
than all of them combined.
And actually that's a cheat code
that everyone is doing on Kaggle competition.
You just train thousands of models
and just combine all of them.
- You know, it reminds me of like a much simpler example.
There's sort of the wisdom of crowds.
Like you hear stories of people saying,
like, here's a jar, a big glass jar full of jelly beans.
You got to guess how many jelly beans there are.
Like many, any given person will over underestimate
a whole lot, but if you ask a hundred people,
it's usually really close to the actual number.
Or, you know, there's some weird examples of this
at like state fairs, there'll be like a cow
and people will have to ask like,
how much does the cow weigh?
You know, it's like a competition
and people get it really wrong,
but it's usually really close if enough people answer
and participate and it's average, right?
- Exactly.
So having diversity, diversity of opinions,
diversity of thoughts, I think is very powerful.
So that's what I'm trying to encourage here as well.
- Yeah, so what's the story about life here?
Instead of like guessing the weight of cows,
which is not practical.
- Well, I think that one way, okay, maybe a quick one,
which is one way to do when you're trying to build teams
is you might want to deliberately try to find people
which are different from you, which are different,
which compliment your strengths.
I know, you know, sometimes in tech interviews,
we want to find people that are similar to us,
have the same skillsets that, you know, fit this mold,
fit this job description.
That's useful, it's effective.
But I personally have built teams where it's very diverse,
maybe from different countries or one third female.
And I found that the creativity that comes from this
is really powerful.
And the other one, which is, I think, of course,
Scott Adams is known for this.
He says that, you know,
if you can't be the top of your field,
combine multiple superpowers like Scott Adams did.
He combined his ability to draw, his sense of humor
and his business know-how and he created Dilbert,
which is no one else can replicate Dilbert.
It needs someone like Scott Adams to do that.
- Yeah, you know, that general idea,
I actually hit on this a lot because
there are a lot of people who listen to this show
who are not traditional computer science developers
or traditional data science folks.
And I think sometimes they feel like it's,
they don't have quite the same skillset
to compete with those people.
And how are they going to compete with somebody with a,
you know, a master's degree from Stanford
in computer science?
You know, what I, my thought on all this is,
you look, if you're really good at economics
and you're pretty good at programming,
there's not too many people
who have both of those skills, right?
Like all of a sudden you go from competing
with a hundred thousand down to like 500 or something.
I don't know, not that maybe it's a little bit extreme,
but you know, like the,
that if you need that intersection of skills,
all of a sudden it becomes super, super powerful.
And what you're suggesting here is maybe like building teams.
You can kind of build that in the team
rather than in an individual.
- Exactly.
And I want to go back to your previous example,
you know, someone who's maybe a decent programmer,
but you know, can't compete with someone who graduated
with a degree in CS and a master's in CS and PhD in CS.
It goes back to Navelle's tweet, right?
There's something that is just right for you
that can tap on your skills in economics and com science.
You just need to find it and that'll be a great fit.
- Yeah, absolutely.
All right.
Well, that was the seven items.
And I, you know, I enjoyed thinking about them
and just seeing how these machine learning examples
maybe can be analogies for living life.
It's pretty cool.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, absolutely.
So a couple of other things real quick
that you've spoken about is you've written a couple
of things on sort of productivity as a developer
and in the tech field, one article called
how to accomplish more with less useful tools and routines.
And then also routines and tools to optimize your day
which is a guest post by Susan Chu.
- Yep.
- So, yeah, those were really interesting,
but in particular during one of them,
I don't remember which one,
you talk about this article by Paul Graham
and Paul Graham wrote this thing called
maker's schedule versus manager's schedule.
And, you know, I think you talk a lot
or we talk in the tech field a lot about getting into flow,
you know, really programming
and just having uninterrupted time.
And yet I think probably more than ever
people are being pulled in different directions
because everyone is just a Zoom call away.
It's not, even if you're not in the office,
you're now just as eligible to be sucked
into a meeting as anyone else, right?
- Yep, definitely.
- Yes, can you talk real quickly about this?
'Cause I think it's a short article,
but I think having awareness of this idea
of a maker's schedule and a manager's schedule
and how they're not super compatible
and you gotta be careful to help them coexist.
- Yeah, so I think that, of course,
all credit goes to Paul Graham for this.
So makers, you know, to even start to design something
or to start to code a framework,
you sort of need, I don't know about you,
but it takes me like 30 minutes to warm up,
to load all the concepts into my memory
so I can start juggling them in my head.
I mean, once I load all that into my head
and then I can, okay, I can start writing pseudocode,
you know, tweaking things, testing things iteratively.
And that takes time.
And it takes me maybe about 45 minutes,
60 minutes to get into flow.
And once I'm in the flow, I'm moving really quickly,
like speeding things through,
or once I'm in the flow of fixing a bug
and I don't know about you,
but if I don't fix the bug, I can't stop.
I can't go for lunch.
And that motivation, that drive,
if someone pulls me into a meeting,
it sort of kills the motivation sometimes for the day.
And, you know, if you had continued for just 30 minutes,
you would have fixed it.
But if it's broken by something in the middle,
you'll be gone.
So how I try to do this is that
I actually deliberately block my time
in the morning before lunch.
I actually block it out with meetings,
my own meetings,
so that I can actually use that time to get into flow.
It depends on when your energy level is highest.
For me, it's actually in the morning.
And then I actually have,
I say that when people want to ask for a meeting,
I say, "Oh, sure, let's do it after 3 p.m.
"if you're okay with it."
Because after 3 p.m., I mostly can't do deep work anyway.
So I think that's useful to be aware of.
- Yeah, it's really interesting.
And I agree with that.
Paul talks about, if you're on a manager's schedule,
what you do is you go from meeting to meeting to meeting.
And if you've got an hour gap in your day,
you know, oh, you could just meet with somebody else.
Maybe that's like a time to just set up a meeting
so you could get to know somebody
and dig in with that person or the team or the project.
And that's fine if you're on a manager's schedule.
But if you're on the maker's schedule,
maybe you do need the whole morning uninterrupted
so that you can get into that.
You know, like, you know you've had a good session
when you've been programming, programming,
and then you stop for a second and you're like,
"Wow, I'm hungry."
I really have to go get something.
It's like three in the afternoon,
I forgot to eat lunch.
Like that's totally possible that that happens, right?
But if, yeah.
- And I would just want to say
that these sessions feel so fulfilling, feel so satisfying.
You feel like you've gotten so much work done
in such a compressed amount of time that, okay,
and now you can, sure, I can have office hours now.
So those sessions are really fulfilling.
- Yeah, I don't know how this is gonna work out,
but after reading this and some of your other writing,
I decided on my calendar,
I'm just blocking like Tuesday and Friday, like all day.
And I'm just gonna call those maker days.
We'll see how that works out.
And I feel like I can just get a lot of stuff done.
So other days I'll have more meetings.
We'll see, I don't know.
- I'm looking forward to hearing your experience.
- Thanks, yeah.
- Love to hear your experience about that.
- Yeah, absolutely.
And Chris May, hey Chris, out in the live stream says,
"Personal productivity brings superpowers
"to the powers you got by learning Python."
Totally agree.
- Yep.
- Yeah, awesome.
Very cool.
All right, well, I think that's probably
about all the stuff that we have time to talk about.
Although maybe really quickly,
you could touch on, at the bottom of your homepage,
you've got a bunch of resources.
Maybe just highlight some you think
that people would find valuable there.
- So yeah, I like to, again,
a lot of these are answering questions that people ask me.
So people ask me, what are your favorite papers are?
What paper should I read?
So that's the second one on the list
is Applied ML, where I try to collect papers
on real-world machine learning,
by companies that have implemented it,
the lessons they learned.
And sometimes people ask me,
wow, I'm starting again to this field,
there's so much to learn.
And that's the third link there,
where I find machine learning surveys,
where people summarize what has happened in the past.
And of course, people ask me things like,
how do you set up your Python repo
so that you have code reviews
and all that automatically or linting?
So I have things like the Python collab template
or how to test machine learning models.
And of course, recently I wrote about
how to write machine learning design docs,
design documents, and of course I have that as well.
So I mean, yeah, some of these are Git repos,
some of these are just articles.
And of course, there's the email course,
which is a lot of people ask me,
what makes an effective data scientist?
This is the question I asked a lot of my mentors
five years ago, and I try to summarize
the five lessons that I've learned
in a short email course,
where I only send you one lesson a day.
And of course, there's a short exercise
that I hope people will do.
And that's why I send you one lesson a day.
And that short exercise maybe takes an hour each.
And I hope that after this, it sort of opens your mind
that being an effective data scientist
is beyond coding well,
is beyond PhD level research, is beyond math.
- Cool, yeah, that looks really useful.
And you also have a paper mill dash ML flow.
What do you think of paper mill?
- So I started using this because I wanted to run
rapid experimentations in Jupyter notebooks.
And ML flow is something that helps you
track your machine learning models.
Paper mill allows you to parameterize,
at least how I'm using it is I'm parameterizing
my Jupyter notebooks.
By combining both of them,
I have a master Jupyter notebook
that has all the different params
and all the different countries and marketplaces.
I can just run that huge Jupyter notebook
and all the experiments are logged.
So I love it.
So I decided to make it a template
that other people can use as well.
- Cool, yeah, people can check out all those things.
Put it in the show notes also on your website.
- Yep.
- All right.
Well, I think that's probably it for all the time we have.
So let me ask you the final two questions
before you get out of here.
You've written about two options.
So I don't know which one you're gonna go with here,
but you're gonna write some Python code
outside of Jupyter, say like what text editor to use.
- I have an answer and I'm curious about your answer as well.
For me, I'm a diehard PyCharm fan.
I've tried using VS Code.
Just doesn't feel as snappy as IntelliSense,
as you think.
I've been using VS Code for my JavaScript,
but what's your take, Michael?
Should I be using VS Code more?
- Look, I'm a fan of people doing VS Code
and I know a lot of people love it.
The style of PyCharm is exactly, it just fits my brain.
Like I feel that it just so perfectly understands
the project I'm working on,
that it's the right tool for me as well.
- That's me, that's me.
And I do some Scala on the side
and PyCharm has a Scala sister, which is IntelliJ.
And that is just me, that I'm still a diehard PyCharm fan.
- Yeah, right on.
And then notable PyPI project or package
that something out there, maybe not the most popular,
but you're like, oh, I found this thing
and it was super helpful.
- Well, off the top of my head,
I cannot think of anything, honestly.
But one thing that I love,
that I hope people will love is pytest.
- Yeah, all right, yeah, pytest is super good.
You know, let me throw out an example for you.
I should be careful,
but I put Python on that search term.
So along with this pytest idea,
something that I came across recently is Great Expectations,
which is kind of like automated testing
for the data cleaning and data validation,
both when you're pulling it in the first time
as well as like production.
So there's a one to build on top of the pytest story.
- Exactly, so as of now, the things that are on my mind,
pytest, PyLint, myPy,
the things that make code manageable and maintainable,
I think about that a lot.
- Yeah, fantastic.
All right, well, that's it for all the stuff
we've got covered.
Eugene, thank you for being on the show.
Final call to action,
people are, maybe they wanna get into your writing
or they wanna start writing and thinking more,
sort of almost become a developer philosopher type.
So what advice you got for 'em?
- Just stop writing.
Final advice, why write?
Okay, by writing, you put your stuff online
and people find you.
And this is why this podcast even happened, right?
Michael found me through my writing
and we talk about, and we find like-minded people.
That has happened to me.
I find so many like-minded people talking to me
about machine learning and systems and writing
and I've made so many new friends.
Do that and you'll make a lot of new friends online.
Highly recommend it.
- Yeah, it's great advice.
I find like stepping just even a tiny bit
outside of your comfort zone starts to lead to other things.
And maybe you're not doing writing,
maybe you're speaking at a meetup.
That's even more possible than it used to be
'cause you don't have to travel anymore, right?
You can reach out to meetups that are not next to you
and so on.
All those things make huge differences.
- Definitely, highly recommend.
And if you write because of this podcast, email me.
My email's on my website.
I would love to read what you wrote about.
- Fantastic.
All right, Eugene, thank you for being on the show.
It's been really great to chat with you
about all this stuff.
- Welcome, it's my pleasure.
Take care. - Yeah.
Yeah, take care.
- Chris, thanks for dropping by.
I'm glad you are enjoying the show.
And I know you cut at the end, but we'll enjoy it.
And thanks everyone for coming on the live stream.
And yeah, we'll catch you next time.
Catch you next time!